README.md, before:

# LocalEGA database definitions and docker image

We use
[Postgres 11.2](https://github.com/docker-library/postgres/tree/6c3b27f1433ad81675afb386a182098dc867e3e8/11/alpine)
and Alpine 3.9.

The entrypoint creates a self-signed certificate in `/etc/ega/pg.cert`
and the associated private key in `/etc/ega/pg.key`.

Security is hardened:
- We do not use 'trust' even for local connections
- Requiring password authentication for all
- Using scram-sha-256 is stronger than md5
- Enforcing SSL communication

There are 2 users (`lega_in` and `lega_out`), and 2 schemas
(`local_ega` and `local_ega_download`).  A special one is included for
EBI to access the data through `local_ega_ebi`.

The following environment variables can be used to configure the database:

| Variable | Description | Default value |
|---------:|:------------|:--------------|
| PGDATA | The data directory | `/ega/data` |
| DB\_LEGA\_IN\_PASSWORD  | `lega_in`'s password | - |
| DB\_LEGA\_OUT\_PASSWORD  | `lega_out`'s password | - |
| SSL\_SUBJ | Subject for the self-signed certificate creation | `/C=ES/ST=Spain/L=Barcelona/O=CRG/OU=SysDevs/CN=LocalEGA/emailAddress=all.ega@crg.eu` |
| TZ | Timezone for the Postgres server | Europe/Madrid |

Commit message:

Making certificate paths and client verification configurable

README.md, after:

# LocalEGA database definitions and docker image

We use
[Postgres 11.2](https://github.com/docker-library/postgres/tree/6c3b27f1433ad81675afb386a182098dc867e3e8/11/alpine)
and Alpine 3.9.

Security is hardened:
- We do not use 'trust' even for local connections
- Requiring password authentication for all
- Using scram-sha-256 is stronger than md5
- Enforcing TLS communication
- Enforcing client-certificate verification

## Configuration

There are 2 users (`lega_in` and `lega_out`), and 2 schemas
(`local_ega` and `local_ega_download`).  A special one is included for
EBI to access the data through `local_ega_ebi`.

The following environment variables can be used to configure the database:

| Variable | Description | Default value |
|---------:|:------------|:--------------|
| PGDATA | The data directory | `/ega/data` |
| DB\_LEGA\_IN\_PASSWORD  | `lega_in`'s password | - |
| DB\_LEGA\_OUT\_PASSWORD  | `lega_out`'s password | - |
| TZ | Timezone for the Postgres server | Europe/Madrid |

## TLS support

| Variable | Description | Default value |
|---------:|:------------|:--------------|
| PG\_CERTFILE   | Public Certificate in PEM format    | `/etc/ega/pg.cert` |
| PG\_KEYFILE    | Private Key in PEM format           | `/etc/ega/pg.key`  |
| PG\_CACERTFILE | Public CA Certificate in PEM format | `/etc/ega/CA.cert` |
| PG\_VERIFY\_PEER | Enforce client verification       | 1 |
| SSL\_SUBJ | Subject for the self-signed certificate creation | `/C=ES/ST=Spain/L=Barcelona/O=CRG/OU=SysDevs/CN=LocalEGA/emailAddress=all.ega@crg.eu` |

If not already injected, the files located at `PG\_CERTFILE` and `PG\_KEYFILE` will be generated, as a self-signed public/private certificate pair, using `SSL_SUBJ`

If `PG\_CACERTFILE` exists and `PG\_VERIFY\_PEER` is set to `1`, client verification is enforced.
